feat: add `blas/ext/circshift` (#11189)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/circshift/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( x, k[, options] )
    Circularly shifts the elements of an input ndarray along one or more
    ndarray dimensions by a specified number of positions.

    A positive `k` shifts elements to the right (toward higher indices). A
    negative `k` shifts elements to the left (toward lower indices). If `k` is

>     zero, the input ndarray is left unchanged.

Reviewer: The language of "higher" and "lower" indices only makes sense in the case where `dims` refers to a single dimension. What about when you shift over multiple dimensions?

If you want to keep this language, you could say something like

```suggestion
    When shifting elements along a single dimension, a positive `k` shifts elements to the right (toward higher indices), and a negative `k` shifts elements to the left (toward lower indices).
    
    If `k` is zero, the input ndarray is left unchanged.
```

    The function circularly shifts an input ndarray in-place and thus mutates
    an input ndarray.

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ndarray
        Input array.

    k: ndarray|number
        Number of positions to shift. May be either a scalar value or an

>         ndarray having an integer data type. If provided an ndarray, the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ndarray having a real-valued or "generic" data type. If provided an ndarray, the value
```
